c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\bin\Debug\CoinFlipSimulator.exe
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\bin\Debug\CoinFlipSimulator.pdb
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\bin\Debug\CoinFlipSimulator.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\CoinFlipSimulator.exe
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\CoinFlipSimulator.pdb
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\quanvt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\bin\Debug\CoinFlipSimulator.exe
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\bin\Debug\CoinFlipSimulator.pdb
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\bin\Debug\CoinFlipSimulator.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\CoinFlipSimulator.exe
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\CoinFlipSimulator.pdb
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Users\vtquan\SkyDrive\transfer\visual studio\CoinFlipSimulator\CoinFlipSimulator\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
