c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\bin\Release\Division Pop Quiz.exe
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\bin\Release\Division Pop Quiz.pdb
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\bin\Release\resources.pri
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\bin\Release\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\bin\Release\Division Pop Quiz.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\App.xaml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\Division Pop Quiz.exe
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\Division Pop Quiz.pdb
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\priconfig.xml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\layout.resfiles
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\resources.resfiles
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\pri.resfiles
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Division Pop Quiz\Division Pop Quiz\obj\Release\pri.resfiles.intermediate
