c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\ZeldaMusic.exe
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\ZeldaMusic.pdb
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\ZeldaMusic.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\ZeldaMusic.exe
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\ZeldaMusic.pdb
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Bolero_of_Fire.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Lon_Lon_Ranch.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Lost_Woods.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Minuet_of_Forest.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Nocturne_of_Shadow.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Ocarina_-_Epona's_Song.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Ocarina_-_Saria's_Song.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Ocarina_-_Song_of_Storms.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Ocarina_-_Song_of_Time.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Ocarina_-_Sun's_Song.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Ocarina_-_Zelda's_Lullaby.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Prelude_of_Light.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Requiem_of_Spirit.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Serenade_of_Water.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Temple_of_Time.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Windmill_Hut.mp3
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaMusic\ZeldaMusic\bin\Debug\Assets\Musics\Zelda's_Theme.mp3
