c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\ZeldaSoundBoard.exe
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\ZeldaSoundBoard.pdb
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\ZeldaSoundBoard.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\ZeldaSoundBoard.exe
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\ZeldaSoundBoard.pdb
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\bigfall.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\bigslash.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\heylisten.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\hurt.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\jump.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\longshot.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\look!.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\mastersword.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\navihello.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\pullup.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\roll.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\scream.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\spinslash.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\triplehit.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\wallgrab.wav
c:\users\vtquan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ZeldaSoundBoard\ZeldaSoundBoard\bin\Debug\Assets\Sound Effects\watchout!.wav
